scripts/linux-x86_64/phoenixd/README.md, before:

# Alby Hub <3 phoenixd

Run your Alby Hub with phoenixd as a backend.

## Requirements

- Linux distribution
- Runs pretty much on any VPS or server

## Docker

To run Alby Hub with phoenixd use [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) using the [docker-compose.yml file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/getAlby/hub/master/scripts/linux-x86_64/phoenixd/docker-compose.yml).

    $ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/getAlby/hub/master/scripts/linux-x86_64/phoenixd/docker-compose.yml
    $ docker-compose up # or docker-compose up --pull=always <- to make sure you get the latest images

It will run on localhost:8080 by default. You can configure the port by editing the docker-compose.yml file.

Note: for simplicity it uses a preconfigired phoenixd password (see docker-compose.yml) this is fine as long as the service is not publicly exposed (change this password if you like).

### Backup

Make sure to backup the `albyhub-phoenixd` which is used as volume for albyhub and phoenixd data files.

## Non Docker

### Installation (non-Docker)

    $ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/getAlby/hub/master/scripts/linux-x86_64/phoenixd/install.sh
    $ chmod +x install.sh
    $ ./install.sh

The install script will prompt you for a installation folder and will install phoenixd and Alby Hub there.

Optionally it also creates a systemd services.

It will run on localhost:8080 by default.

### Running the services

Either use systemd:

    $ sudo systemctl [start|stop] phoenixd.service
    $ sudo systemctl [start|stop] albyhub.service

Or us the start scripts:

    $ [your install path]/phoenixd/start.sh
    $ [your install path]/albyhub/start.sh

### Backup

Make sure to backup your data directories:

- `[your install path]/phoenixd/data`
- `[your install path]/albyhub/data`

Commit message:

chore: better handle ports on Pi and allow albyhub to run on port 80 (#584)
* chore: better handle ports on Pi and allow albyhub to run on port 80

* chore: install script: create data dir before running docker compose

* chore: install script for pi-aarch64

* chore: pi-zero move lib folder on update

* chore: replace (not append) files in install scripts

* chore: install text

scripts/linux-x86_64/phoenixd/README.md, after:

# Alby Hub <3 phoenixd

Run your Alby Hub with phoenixd as a backend.

## Requirements

- Linux distribution
- Runs pretty much on any VPS or server (512MB+ memory recommended)

## Docker

To run Alby Hub with phoenixd use [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) using the [docker-compose.yml file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/getAlby/hub/master/scripts/linux-x86_64/phoenixd/docker-compose.yml).

    $ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/getAlby/hub/master/scripts/linux-x86_64/phoenixd/docker-compose.yml # <- edit for your needs, but defaults should work well
    $ mkdir -p ./albyhub-phoenixd/phoenixd && mkdir -p ./albyhub-phoenixd/albyhub # <- create the data directories for phoenixd and albyhub. make sure to have backups of this
    $ docker-compose up # or docker-compose up --pull=always <- to make sure you get the latest images

It will run on localhost:8080 by default. You can configure the port by editing the docker-compose.yml file.

Note: for simplicity it uses a preconfigired phoenixd password (see docker-compose.yml) this is fine as long as the service is not publicly exposed (change this password if you like).

### Backup

Make sure to backup the `albyhub-phoenixd` which is used as volume for albyhub and phoenixd data files.

## Non Docker

### Installation (non-Docker)

    $ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/getAlby/hub/master/scripts/linux-x86_64/phoenixd/install.sh
    $ chmod +x install.sh
    $ ./install.sh

The install script will prompt you for a installation folder and will install phoenixd and Alby Hub there.

Optionally it also creates a systemd services.

It will run on localhost:8080 by default.

### Running the services

Either use systemd:

    $ sudo systemctl [start|stop] phoenixd.service
    $ sudo systemctl [start|stop] albyhub.service

Or us the start scripts:

    $ [your install path]/phoenixd/start.sh
    $ [your install path]/albyhub/start.sh

### Backup

Make sure to backup your data directories:

- `[your install path]/phoenixd/data`
- `[your install path]/albyhub/data`
